hi guys Nick Miller here today marks fly
88 then we have for you an F F C
preparators seventy six inch soil
conditioner or preparators they call it
attachment from your skid steer loader
purpose this video today is to give you
three or sixty degree view in this
attachment we have the hook dry air to
our Gale 56:40 skid loader we're going
to run this attachment to show you how
it works we're going to go ahead and
start walking your outer snow right here
to quick tap you can see from the video
and the pictures it's a standard 2-pin
quick attach will fit any modern skid
steer out there today we'll give you a
close-up of that fit your Bobcat your
case your caterpillar John Deere Gale
come on sue anybody this standard to
ping quick attach up here you have a
fully adjustable skid shoes here on the
front of preparators we're going to give
you a close-up of the drum we are an FF
see preparators pallet and light
construction group dealer we would
estimate these teeth to be approximately
50% there is still a good bit of running
left on these teeth as you can see we're
just giving you you can see there's
about an inch and a half a tooth left on
the nice thing about prep greater versus
raw count for a dollar and eight cents
apiece you can buy the t weld brand new
teeth on and go back to work unlike its
its competition there are cows you have
to buy a new $2,800 chain that's very
very nice as a nice set up the nice
thing about the preparators and we're
going to give you another angle that
drum so you can see all the teeth the
other nice thing on the preparators you
can reverse the flow of the hydraulic
can actually kill the ground up so if
you have some salt or if you have a
little no where you want to cut off you
can do it this attachment verses are raw
kind only race in one direction this
attachment also has a good cutting edge
in the bucket it also has the perforated
bottom bucket option where it allows
your topsoil to fall back down so that
you don't lose top focus capsule is very
expensive and it only allows the rocks
to stay
this unit has brand-new hoses flat face
couplers new paint and a new factory FFC
decal kit will also give you close up
with a cereal plate right here
this unit is not a welded and busted and
cracked up anything like that it's a
normal used piece of equipment but it's
still in good condition this time I'm
going to go ahead and start the skid
steer we're going to lift it up show you
the bottom of the bucket and I'll work
it right here where we we always shoot
our videos out to show you what for
seedbed it really prepares
ah
now you can see by that quick video what
you can actually do with one of these
you cannot take a bunch of men with
rakes and do what these things will do
you can see here if we can get a
close-up of this ground that is prepared
right to a perfect seed bed if you look
what you can do now is take you can see
his fertilizing strong hood in seven
days you'll have germination was with
normal water conditions you have grass
growing but you can landscape you can do
it with this so catchment what you
cannot do with the raw count now there
is a brush in here that keeps the drum
clean from any type of wet soil or
anything like that
brush we'd also estimate to be in 50%
condition you ever need parts for FFC
pallet and construction of canal and
Lane equipment group product cause we'll
be glad to help you out snow problem off
this unit do today being a 70 1621 was
eighty nine hundred dollars now I feel
we priced this thing fair for the market
if you need a free food or like to come
run it yourself you're very welcome to
we have nothing to hide here our supply
eighty eight you have any questions
please give marker Nick a call at eight
one four six five eight three zero two
six six thanks for checking out marks
play eighty eight happy event